.TH EXIFRENAMER 1 "17 April 2012" "release-v0.2.0"
.SS NAME
.PP
exifrenamer - move photos based on timestamp metadata
.SS SYNOPSIS
.PP
exifrenamer is a small program designed to alleviate the issue of
manually organizing your photos or getting rid of meaningless filenames
(e.g.
DSCN0012.JPG).
.PP
The program reads the EXIF timestamp from the image file and then moves
it to a destination directory based on that data.
.PP
% EXIFRENAMER(1) release-v0.2.0 % % 17 April 2012
.SS NAME
.PP
exifrenamer - move photos based on timestamp metadata
.SS SYNOPSIS
.PP
exifrenamer is a small program designed to alleviate the issue of
manually organizing your photos or getting rid of meaningless filenames
(e.g.
DSCN0012.JPG).
.PP
The program reads the EXIF timestamp from the image file and then moves
it to a destination directory based on that data.
.SS USAGE
.PP
Example command to move files from one folder to another:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
exifrenamer.py\ ~/inbox/\ ~/outbox/
\f[]
.fi
.PP
Command results:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
Building\ file\ list\ .
5\ images\ to\ consider.
MOVE\ [1/5]\ :\ test_images/01/nikon\ d60.jpg
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ outbox/2009/01/20090123/2009-01-23_19.31.31.jpg
MOVE\ [2/5]\ :\ test_images/01/02/canon\ 350d.jpg
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ outbox/2009/01/20090123/2009-01-23_21.37.03.jpg
ERROR\ [3/5]\ :\ test_images/fail/0000\ timestamp.jpg
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ invalid\ timestamp:\ 0000:00:00
ERROR\ [4/5]\ :\ test_images/fail/notimestamp.jpg
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ invalid\ timestamp:\ missing
MOVE\ [5/5]\ :\ test_images/raw/dsc_5149.jpg
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ outbox/2009/03/20090315/2009-03-15_22.07.00.jpg
MOVE\ [5/5]\ :\ test_images/raw/dsc_5149.nef
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ outbox/2009/03/20090315/2009-03-15_22.07.00.nef

____________________________________________________________________

Errors\ encountered
test_images/fail/0000\ timestamp.jpg
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ invalid\ timestamp:0000:00:00
test_images/fail/notimestamp.jpg
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ -->\ invalid\ timestamp:missing
\f[]
.fi
.SS OPTIONS
.PP
Options must be passed to \[aq]exifrenamer\[aq] and not the \[aq]j\[aq]
wrapper function.
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
-a,\ --add\ DIR\ \ \ \ \ \ \ manually\ add\ path\ to\ database

--stat\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ show\ database\ entries\ and\ their\ key\ weights

--version\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ show\ version\ information\ and\ exit
\f[]
.fi
.SS KNOWN ISSUES
.SS FILES
.PP
exifrenamer is installed into the home directory contained in
\f[I]~/.exifrenamer/\f[].
.SS REPORTING BUGS
.PP
For any issues please visit the following URL:
.PP
\f[I]https://github.com/wting/exifrenamer/issues\f[]
.SS AUTHORS
.PP
exifrenamer written by William Ting.
.SS COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright © 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
<http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
